Welcome to the Eressea Tutorial game.

The report in this mail is NOT for your future Eressea faction. It is the
faction you will play during a quick five-turn tutorial, to make sure you
understand the basic rules, and to give you a chance to get acquainted with
the game before the real fun starts. If you manage to survive these 5 turns
and send in orders for your faction, you will be joining the real Eressea
game shortly.

The tutorial differs from Eressea in a few very important points:

* Email-Address to send your turns to:
Tutorial:  tutorial@eressea.upb.de
Eressea:   eressea@eressea.amber.kn-bremen.de

* Zugabgaberhytmus:
Tutorial:  3x per Week, Sunday, Tuesday and Friday before 9 am CET.
Eressea:   1x per Week, Sunday before 9 am CET.

* Duration:
Tutorial:  5-10 Turns
Eressea:   open-ended


Eressea is a complex game with a lot of rules. Unlike other games, you will
not get very far if you haven't read the rules. Really. So if you haven't
done it yet, head over to http://eressea.upb.de/rules/en/ and read them. 

Eressea is a text-based game. In these days when all games are 3D, a game
that relies mostly on text may seem like an anachronism, but most of the
game hapens in your head and in that of your opponents - and of course, in
the diplomatic emails between you and your future neighbours.

The two other files in this email contain your report. The file with the .nr
extendion is a normal textfile, in human-readable form. You can read it with
any text editor, for example Notepad. The english in there is pretty bad,
because the translation of the human.-readable report is currently a work in
progress. That's why we recommend using the file with the .cr extension
instead. It is a format that is understood by most Eressea-tools, notably
the very good Magellan client. It is available at 
http://eressea.upb.de/magellan/.

If you have any questions that the documentation does not answer, you can
send them to eressea-help@eressea.kn-bremen.de, and get an answer from a
human being. Please try to find an answer in the rules first - helping new
players takes a lot of time and energy, and we would like to limit this to
the really tough questions. It's not meant as a way for you to get around
reading the rules.

Enjoy your time on Eressea, and good luck with the first turns,
your Eressea-Team.
